Switch accounts/orgs dropdown (#4468)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/account-management/pricing-calculator.md

1. Do one of the following:

>   - Free Plan. Click the organization name dropdown in the upper left of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Free Plan. Click the organization name drop-down list in the upper left of your
```
